I'm Peppa Pig. This
is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Piggy in the Middle!
George is playing With his
ball in the garden.
Peppa Wants to play, too.
George, you're doing it
all Wrong!
This is how to catch a ball.
Not like this.
That's What you do.
What a cheeky
little one, pig Peppa is.
George! Come back!
You little piggy!
Maybe Peppa is teasing George
just a bit too much.
Peppa, have you
been teasing George?
Not really, Mummy, I Was
teaching him how to catch.
Really?
Oh, Well, I know a game
that Will teach George
how to catch.
It's called ''Piggy-in-the-Middle''.
Peppa, you take the ball
and stand over there
and George,
you stand over there.
Good! You have to
throw the ball to each other
and I have to try and catch it.
I'm the piggy in the middle.
Mummy is
the piggy in the middle.
Catch, George!
Oh! Missed it!
George has caught the ball.
Hurray!
Well done, George.
Now you throw the ball to Peppa.
Oop! Try again.
Oh! Try again.
George can't throw the ball
past Mummy Pig.
Come on, George.
Give the ball to me.
Oop!
Silly George.
I can do that, too.
Oh!
Peppa Wants to copy George
but she's too big and
has got stuck.
I've got the ball. Peppa,
now it's your turn to be piggy.
George! Catch!
Hurray!
Caught it! George,
you're the piggy!
George! Catch.
Catch the ball, George.
Catch, George.
George, catch.
Here's the ball
George.
Weeeeeeeeeee
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Oh, dear! Peppa, you shouldn't
tease George like that.
Sorry, George!
What's all the noise?
Daddy, George is too little
to play ''Piggy in the middle''.
Oh, I'm sure he's big enough.
No, he isn't, Daddy, Watch.
Catch it, George.
Hurray!
That's not fair!
Yes, it is. I just gave George
a helping hand.
Mummy, can I have
a helping hand?
Of course you can, Peppa.
To me! George!
Catch, George.
Peppa loves
catching the ball.
George loves
Everyone loves
catching the ball.
I'm Peppa Pig
This is my little brother, George.